README.md, before:

# pfUI-Turtle

An extensions for [pfUI](https://github.com/shagu/pfUI) which adds a few skins for the [Turtle WoW server](https://turtle-wow.org/#/home) custom UI elements, implements custom behaviour for a few classes' skills and updates item sell data. If any skill is missing, please open an [issue](https://github.com/doorknob6/pfUI-turtle/issues/new/choose) to alert me to it. The latest version of pfUI is required.

# Features

### Item sell data

The addon does not contain sell data for Turtle WoW any longer, as this is now part of the main pfUI addon.

### UI elements
These UI elements are currently included in this addon:

- Character frame title selection dropdown
- Character frame Honor and Arena sections
- Inspect talents frame tab
- The Looking for Turtles dungeon finder tool
- The Everlook Broadcasting Co. frame
- Guild bank frame
    - I haven't had the heart to ask any guilds to give me guild bank editing rights, so some guild bank skins haven't been live-tested. Feedback is very welcome.
- The transmogrification vendor window.

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/doorknob6/pfUI-turtle/blob/images/inspect_character_LFT.png?raw=true" width="95%">
</p>

### Custom skills and mechanics

These custom Turtle WoW class skills and mechanics have been implemented in this addon:

- Updated the druid and rogue energy tick formula to the one used in Turtle WoW patch 1.18.0.
- Inserts the druid Moonkin form autoshift in the autoshift module only when the talent has been chosen.


#### Custom skills that have become part of the main Addon

These custom class skills used to be included in this addon, they are included in the main [pfUI](https://github.com/shagu/pfUI) addon now.

- Hunter [Trueshot](https://database.turtle-wow.org/?spell=3035#see-also-ability) now has a castbar
- Paladin [Holy Strike](https://database.turtle-wow.org/?spell=679) refreshes seals on the target

## Installation

Download and install [pfUI](https://github.com/shagu/pfUI).

Download the [latest version](https://github.com/doorknob6/pfUI-turtle/archive/refs/heads/master.zip).

Unpack the zip the file and rename the folder to "pfUI-turtle".

Put "pfUI-turtle" folder into ".../World of Warcraft/Interface/AddOns/". Create the AddOns folder if necessary.

Commit message:

added Priest champion buff indicators to unit frames;

README.md, after:

# pfUI-Turtle

An extensions for [pfUI](https://github.com/shagu/pfUI) which adds a few skins for the [Turtle WoW server](https://turtle-wow.org/#/home) custom UI elements, implements custom behaviour for a few classes' skills and updates item sell data. If any skill is missing, please open an [issue](https://github.com/doorknob6/pfUI-turtle/issues/new/choose) to alert me to it. The latest version of pfUI is required.

# Features

### Item sell data

The addon does not contain sell data for Turtle WoW any longer, as this is now part of the main pfUI addon.

### UI elements
These UI elements are currently included in this addon:

- Character frame title selection dropdown
- Character frame Honor and Arena sections
- Inspect talents frame tab
- The Looking for Turtles dungeon finder tool
- The Everlook Broadcasting Co. frame
- Guild bank frame
    - I haven't had the heart to ask any guilds to give me guild bank editing rights, so some guild bank skins haven't been live-tested. Feedback is very welcome.
- The transmogrification vendor window.

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/doorknob6/pfUI-turtle/blob/images/inspect_character_LFT.png?raw=true" width="95%">
</p>

### Custom skills and mechanics

These custom Turtle WoW class skills and mechanics have been implemented in this addon:

- Updated the druid and rogue energy tick formula to the one used in Turtle WoW patch 1.18.0.
- Inserts the druid Moonkin form autoshift in the autoshift module only when the talent has been chosen.
- Buff indicators on unitframes for priest Champion spells have been added.


#### Custom skills that have become part of the main Addon

These custom class skills used to be included in this addon, they are included in the main [pfUI](https://github.com/shagu/pfUI) addon now.

- Hunter [Trueshot](https://database.turtle-wow.org/?spell=3035#see-also-ability) now has a castbar
- Paladin [Holy Strike](https://database.turtle-wow.org/?spell=679) refreshes seals on the target

## Installation

Download and install [pfUI](https://github.com/shagu/pfUI).

Download the [latest version](https://github.com/doorknob6/pfUI-turtle/archive/refs/heads/master.zip).

Unpack the zip the file and rename the folder to "pfUI-turtle".

Put "pfUI-turtle" folder into ".../World of Warcraft/Interface/AddOns/". Create the AddOns folder if necessary.
